I am a young developer & an engineering student, and you are welcome to my web-portfolio.
I currently work as an apprentice DevOps engineer & Scala developer at the Orange
                    company. I have the opportunity to work with DevOps tools such as Jenkins,
                    Travis, Scala SBT, Docker, Ansible, and also to learn how the
                    application performance management works in the Orange's Application Performance Experts team.
I am highly motivated by the Big Data in general, and about technologies such as Machine
                        learning, etc. I am constantly learning (by myself, or at school) about these subjects, and
                    I definitely want to go further and study in that field after being graduated at ENSSAT. Let me know
                    if you are interested in my profile for a potential internship in this domain!
You will find on this website some information about me, my skills, and about some of my
                    projects.
22 y-o
Rennes city - France
Guitarist / Singer / Music player & lover
Play badminton twice a week, occasional swimmer, love long hikes and nature activities
Currently: ERASMUS in Roskilde University, Denmark.
2014 - 2017: student at the engineering school ENSSAT
                    Lannion - Computing Science
2014: D.U.T
                    
                        GEII
                    ,
                    Rennes (Technical Degree in Electronics & Computing Sciences) 
Coursera platform: following the Scala specialisation, started (but not
                    finished yet) the Recommender
                        systems course.
                
FUN MOOC: followed Fondamentaux pour
                        le Big Data in end of August 2016.
2016 : Japan (15 days), Lisboa (7 days), Ireland (10 days), Denmark (5
                    months)
2015 (30 days): Scotland, Glasgow
2014 (3 months): Ireland, Athlone AIT during
                    an internship
& many others. . .
French: native
English: fluent & good technical skills (B2 level)
Spanish: basic knowledge
Danish: basic knowledge
Functional programming: Scala, 2 years experience, daily use. Currently following the Scala specialisation on Coursera.
Git: Daily use, advanced workflow (branch, checkout, tags, ...).
Object-oriented programming: Java, 3 years experience, several projects.
Web: PHP, HTML5 / CSS3, JavaScript, Wordpress, Scala Play, JEE.
C: robust experience (loop invariant, strict methodology & concepts, graphs).
Databases: SQL (MySQL, PostgreSQL...) / NoSQL (MongoDB)
I have a good knowledge of continuous delivery. I do not like to
                        repeat painful things, especially when it concerns the test & delivery of a
                        software I'm developing. I like to be a "lazy" (but smart though...) developer.
                        Docker, Jenkins,
                        SBT and Ansible are
                        working for me to deliver my work.
I make strong efforts to test my tools and software: without tests, the solutions are
                        not maintainable, plus it assures a non-regression of the code: and that is everything we want,
                        right? I am using SBT to test my code (because SBT is waaaaay cool and powerful). I follow a
                        Test-Driven Development process at work, and also for personal projects.
Jenkins is working hand by hand with Docker to build web and Java projects
                        automatically. A push on GitHub, and "voilà", everything is packaged and
                            ready (without any intervention from me), that's all folks.
All the services I try / use are deployed on my faithful Docker. I can count on its
                        simplicity and reliability for every environment I need.
Click on a project to learn more!

                        
                            
                        
                            
                    
Clone of Boulder Dash, done
                        in
                        Java, use of MVC pattern.

                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                    
Website coded using CodeIgniter, PHP, Javascript / AJAX.
IDs to play: USERNAME: bvozel, PASSWORD: servicesENSSAT

                        
                            
                    
Use of UML and UP methodologies to design a fictive application.
The product is an app which will rationalize the means of transports in a city.

                        
                            
                        
                            
                    
Use of Scala, SBT and Git. Tests provided in "src/test" (eh, we are not
                        uncivilized here, just trying to do a little DevOps...)

                        
                            
                    
School project; subject: decentralized and distributed system. Communication
                        between fictive atomics shelters. Use of critical section and mutex to make the communications
                        secure and parallel.
Use of Java and Java RMI.

                        
                            
                        
                            
                    
School project; subject: creation of a fictive travel agency's database. Modeling of the
                    database with entity/relationship models.
Use of MySQL (stored procedures, triggers, views...).

                        
                            
                        
                            
                    
Presentation & tutorial about JMeter: the basis.
Use of reveal.js / HTML.

                        
                            
                        
                            
                    
Use of Matlab to develop face recognition with the Eigenfaces.

                        
                            
                        
                            
                    
Use of Scilab to do a little bit of image processing, with the Canny's algorithm.

                        
                            
                        
                            
                    
Use of Python & Scikit lib to experiment with machine learning algorithms, such as
                        Linear regression, Trees, Random Forests... Work in pairs with Anais GALISSON.

                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                    
Use of Javascript, HTML/CSS and OpenGL to develop a solar system simulation.
                    

                        
                            
                    
Use of Sketch to design a website for an association.
In this project, the goal was more to think about choices of implementation & designs than coding
                        the website itself.

                        
                            
                    
Cisco innovation challenge. Main goal: think about society/environment problems, and imagine a
                        product or a service to solve this problem. In three words: change the world!
Team of 6 persons from ENSSAT engineering school.

                        
                            
                    
Management project at ENSSAT. I was teaching computing science at primary school.
                        Group of ~25 children, from 8 to 10. We prepared our interventions during one year: exercises,
                        pedagogy,...
Use of Scratch to give basis of programming.

                        
                            
                    
Article concerning the Load testing fundamentals - state of the art.
Information about processes, tools and methods used in load testing.

                    Email:
                    
                        
                        colinleverger@gmail.com
                    
                

                    Phone:
                    
                        
                        +33 (0)633 504722
                    
                

                    
                        
                    
                        
                    
                        
                    
                        
                    
                        
                    
                        
                

                    Made with 
                        from France, last update mid Oct 2016.
                    
                
